Allow passing in of speedtest params (#118)
filecoin-saturn/L1-node: README.md

6. Check logs with `docker logs -f saturn-node`
7. Check there are no errors, registration will happen automatically and node will restart once it receives its TLS certificate

In most intsances speedtest does a good job of picking "close" servers but for small networks it may be incorrect.

> If the speedtest value reported by speedtest seems low, you may want to configure SPEEDTEST_EXTRA to point to a different public speedtest server (e.g. `SPEEDTEST_EXTRA="-s 6468"` selects the Tekify Fiber & Wireless speedtest server in Fremont, CA).

Reviewer: The example is not clear into how to get the server ID, is there a public list?

Author: Good point, so you can get the list from the speedtest command (e.g. `speedtest --list`) or by going to https://c.speedtest.net/speedtest-servers-static.php

There is also the gist ( https://gist.github.com/ofou/654efe67e173a6bff5c64ba26c09d058 ) but it might be out of date.

> In most intsances speedtest does a good job of picking "close" servers but for small networks it may be incorrect.
> If the speedtest value reported by speedtest seems low, you may want to configure SPEEDTEST_EXTRA to point to a different public speedtest server (e.g. `SPEEDTEST_EXTRA="-s 6468"` selects the Tekify Fiber & Wireless speedtest server in Fremont, CA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most intsances speedtest does a good job of picking "close" servers but for small networks it may be incorrect.
If the speedtest value reported by speedtest seems low, you may want to configure SPEEDTEST_EXTRA to point to a different public speedtest server. You will need to install [speedtest CLI](https://www.speedtest.net/apps/cli) in the host and fetch close servers' IDs by doing `speedtest --servers`, then setting `SPEEDTEST_EXTRA="--server-id=XXXXX"`
```

6. Check logs with `docker logs -f saturn-node`
7. Check there are no errors, registration will happen automatically and node will restart once it receives its TLS certificate

> If the speedtest value reported by speedtest seems low, you may want to configure SPEEDTEST_EXTRA to point to a local speedtest server (e.g. `SPEEDTEST_EXTRA="-s 6468"`). In most intsances speedtest does a good job of picking "close" servers but for small networks the geo-ip info used may be incorrect.

Reviewer 2: would this use a speedtest server from the local network, which would always give unrealistic results? If anything I think the example should show how to point to a specific publicly hosted speedtest server.

Author: So `-s 6468` (for example) picks a public speedtest server but a specific one (namely  Tekify Fiber & Wireless        Fremont, CA   )

Reviewer 2: Ah cool, I thought `-s` would pick a local port or something. This context would be great to add to the comment.

Author: Sounds good, in the README do you think or run.sh or somewhere else?

Reviewer 2: To me README seems like a good place, since the other places don't really feature documentation (yet)

> If the speedtest value reported by speedtest seems low, you may want to configure SPEEDTEST_EXTRA to point to a local speedtest server (e.g. `SPEEDTEST_EXTRA="-s 6468"`). In most intsances speedtest does a good job of picking "close" servers but for small networks the geo-ip info used may be incorrect.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the speedtest value reported by speedtest seems low, you may want to configure SPEEDTEST_EXTRA to point to a local speedtest server (e.g. `SPEEDTEST_EXTRA="-s 6468"`). In most instances speedtest does a good job of picking "close" servers but for small networks the geo-ip info used may be incorrect.
```
